And now we move to our one page instructions.
So this is the one page.
And now, it's already translated.
So here, as I said, this is one of the very special teachings of the Hissamu Gidurumaki.
And so we kind of follow that.
And that also, it was what we were going to do.
So we will follow with that.
It will be refreshing all our practices.
Your practice and our practice.
We had a great opportunity to receive many teachings from many great masters, one after another.
We received that.
And this teaching, now we're going to not end the intellectual state on the brains.
We're going to send that to the heart.
And when the intellectual is so important, we can understand and bring that by brains.
Brains.
They're not left floating on the brain.
And yes, they're kind of like hovering that altar.
We're going to send that to the heart.
And let it bloom from the heart.
And then shake that.
Broom the heart and go to the speech, go to the body, and go to our environment.
Practice.
Practice is not outside.
Practice is not just become historic.
Oh, I received that.
I received that.
I did it.
I did that.
It's not just historic.
We're going to make the change.
We're going to make some of the difference.
To make the difference, practice.
The teaching must say, come, absorb to the heart.
When it becomes the heart, what is the teaching said?
Say, you become the Dharma.
You become the Dharma.
We become the Dharma.
Dharma is not outside.
Dharma is our heart, our self, self, mental Dharma complete.
Separated Dharma and we, then our practice is not going anywhere, that means.
Practice is the one side, our self is this side,
and then we become two different kind of species, aliens in one room.
And that is not going to happen too much.
Therefore, this teaching must be absorbed to the heart.
To absorb that heart, this is the way to practice this.
Many times we also experience it.
We receive this teaching.
We receive this practice.
I've been practicing for a long time.
Practice said, but I don't see too much change.
We experience that.
I don't see too much change.
I've been practicing for 50 years, 20 years.
I'm practicing it myself.
If I say I've conquered Dharma, it must be like three or four years ago.
Or even maybe my parents, I'm sure, I'm not sure.
They did, they told me that they talked to the teachings
and received those teachings so many times.
But said, I am, I am.
Why?
Why this?
This is experienced by me also, many of you too.
I love saying every of you, all of you.
But some of those, definitely, we experience.
We've been practicing, we've been receiving the teachings so long,
but still our heart and mind is kind of like tough and strong
and just the most insane thing as we started.
Or maybe some guy looks a little more kind of failing with teaching.
Why this happened?
This we can look to this, extend it to you.
At the beginning of the time, we planted beautiful flower trees.
Beautiful fruit trees, flowers.
It's blooming so beautiful.
It's so uplifting when we sit at a nursery.
Nursery was so beautiful.
I want that in my yard.
I'm going to plant it there.
And we are both that beautiful and planted there.
And for us, few days or weeks, something is so nice in the growing.
And now, that is not exactly growing as you see at that nursery.
Or no, it's not growing.
Exactly those person told you what is going to happen.
It happened.
And you read the plant instructions at very beginning time.
Oh, this and that and that.
I can do that.
But then, maybe we neglected.
We didn't read.
We read those things and heard those instructions,
but then we just generally paid too much attention.
Now what we need?
And if your grand brain are still, this plant looks really pathetic.
That's celebrating some answers.
Not really you want to do.
Now you go back to the maybe nursery or ask the expert or read that manual.
Now is the time to put something to do.
And it's what we call the miracle growth.
There's two different miracle growths.
I believe that.
One miracle growth is a very ancient and a very environmental friend of miracle growth.
And other is a miracle growth.
Now, any however you use, we have to use something to that.
And we like to really bloom that.
So, that is examples of this.
This time, this is really like miracle growth.
Very ecological friend.
Ecological friend, miracle growth of our separate your realization.
Our separate your developments.
Developments.
That.
And so therefore, this is what you please take this home.
Really, take this and keep that.
And read occasionally.
It's so short.
So condense.
And apply that.
This didn't mean that you have to change your practice.
Your meditation.
Your this and that thing.
Whatever you're doing there.
But apply this and stop this.
And stop this.
Keep up that fridge.
Keep up that good qualities.
Keep up the practice.
Let grow.
Let deepen.
Let expand it.
That's our wish.
That's your wish.
That's my wish.
We all wish that.
We like to do something beautiful things.
As we started.
We like to move continually your.
And if we're doing good, not disappointed by our practices.
Practices.
But to do this, this is what really it is.
So therefore, this is very special teachings of the great master.
As you read this.
From his heart.
Even in the here.
So begin to this.
Of course, it's down here.
Dedicated practices at the young issue.
The fortunate one, named Dawa.
Of course, this is the dedicated practices at the young issue.
The fortunate Dawa.
At that time, his own is kind of like a target to that individualist.
But it's not just only him.
To all of us.
Dedicated practices.
All of them.
Name whatever our names.
This is we can take as personal message from his own new teachers.
Each of us.
We can take.
Dedicated practitioners in the southern floor of us.
Dedicated practitioners in this and that.
And you must.
What means dedicated practitioners?
That means also we're dedicated to that.
That means we should be strong.
Courage and commitment.
Keep up the practices.
As dedicated.
You really love the practices.
You like the practices.
You try to change the practices.
And that is the what it is.
And also it means.
It means dedicated in the Tibetan.
It's called Yardamki.
Yardamki means something loyalty.
Loyalty.
As you started or as we started.
We like to be loyal to our practices.
Not just occasionally what we need.
This and that.
And once in a while this is something we call it as 9-1-1 hospital.
Or 4-1-1-1-1.
This is not occasion.
We like to keep up.
Same thing.
As our self.
As our health.
As our life.
We like to keep up.
It's not something that we are doing is to please someone.
To favor our something.
We are doing that for our self.
To make.
We are exploring our beauty.
That is dharma.
The other dharma practice means it's not something that how.
We really are making difference to our mental state.
We are revealing our treasures.
Treasure of the Buddha nature.
We are revealing the law.
We are revealing the compassion.
We are revealing the understanding.
We are revealing the respect and appreciation.
We are revealing of the joy.
Joy.
We are revealing of the openness.
Clarities.
Vastras.
And by that what we are cleansing Buddha by.
Immediately is shedding away.
All the obscurations.
Obstacles.
Negativities.
All that is bothering to us.
Strap ourselves.
All the scars.
All the wounds.
All our young times.
All the past.
Those are healing.
Those are removing.
Those are cleaning.
You are making difference.
We are not just relying to the external something.
We are sub equipped in sufficient.
We are revealing our tools to make that.
This is what called organics.
This is organics.
It is not something that you are bringing aliens to here.
Try to make some difference for short terms.
Short terms.
Yours are bringing up that and purify and back in the difference.
To do this, that is the instrument.
Yardamji.
Yardamji means something dedicated.
Loyalist.
Loyal to the practices.
Practices.
And to that and then practitioners.
From his heart.
So that means Yardamji is not available.
From your practice.
Dedicated.
From your heart.
It is not something that you like to join this for someone.
But you like to practice.
So therefore I give you this instruction from my heart.
It is on the universe.
From my heart.
That is what he is giving to us.
How he is giving.
He is not giving this advice with emotions such as anger and jealous,
ethical, arrogance that I am this and that.
He is giving this advice with love, with respect, with tender, with gentle.
Gentle.
He is giving this advice.
He is giving that advice to me.
He is giving that advice to all of us.
That is what he is.
With love, with compassion, with gentle, with respect, with appreciation,
with lonely words.
That is what he is giving to us.
And so now what are the advice?
Advice is, first is, is, is what?
What we have now?
First is, what we have is, we have beautiful opportunities.
Not opportunity.
We have already beautiful situations.
Beautiful situations.
And beautiful circumstances.
We are everything good.
Everything is good for us.
And that is what the Buddha teaching said as we all heard.
I am saying this now, we are re-breaking our understanding, our realization,
our knowledge that we received from a great master and that we will practice that.
We are re-breaking that.
We are re-blowing that.
Therefore, again, what is the Buddha teaching said?
It is, of course, you all know.
It is precious human bones.
It is precious human body.
It is precious life.
It is so special.
I mean that you all know.
Life is so special.
And life is so important.
And this time, it is not just a life.
Our life, your life, is so precious.
So special.
And that is what the Buddha teaching often said.
Eighteen qualities.
Eighteen excellent qualities that we all have.
Truly, we all have that eight.
And what those eight include is adjustable group that you already know.
First is freedoms.
And is freedoms.
We have the freedoms that we are absolutely independent.
We are absolutely freedom students.
We have the choice.
We can make the choice.
Nobody is the caterer.
The caterers.
Nobody is preventing.
And the temporary level and the long term levels.
And the long term level, we are the beautiful clay,
these beautiful brilliant beings.
We're not, you can't relate all those birth defectors, things.
Birth defectors, even in the heart and mind,
they have the determination to practice it,
but it could allow everything, what we said to them last week, we can do.
We don't have that defections.
That preventions.
We have got very beautiful here.
And then temporarily, there is also dictatorship or preventations.
There is so much, so many restrictions applied externally.
We can practice it again.
We can do have the right choice, freedoms to do this.
And we don't have that.
And we can, I'm not talking this as a Buddha said,
but we can correct ourselves.
It's true or not?
It's true.
We can mark every item that we use.
We got this.
Each time you can mark the correct marks.
What's called mistake?
Check up.
All is true.
One after another is true.
We have that, that freedoms.
And mentally, mentally, also sometimes physically,
kind of like true disturbance or prevent it,
and they sometimes mentally also prevent it, block it.
For us, all of mental is also open.
We mind, open-minded, very open-minded, minded.
That is not a lectures, open-mindedness.
If you're not open-minded, even your physique,
even your extracurricular situation is perfectly,
then the essential is missing.
It's closed.
Door is closed.
Window is closed.
Skylight is closed.
Nothing is happening.
It's damp and dark and cold and ice and blocked.
And we are not.
We open mind.
Our doors and the ventilation is everything open.
The sunlight is coming.
It's beautiful.
Clear will not block the minds.
And there's stories that you've heard in Japan.
That even happened during the Buddha's times.
Buddha's time.
And the Buddha is false.
Buddha is total enlightenment.
He is one of the great teachers in his stories.
Buddha is true.
He's such a great teacher.
Buddha.
And he has attendance.
To be called, "Lukwakan."
And in the teachings, he was also in the relatives of the Buddha Shakyamunis.
He has been probated with the Buddha all the times.
But his mind is completely closed.
His heart is closed.
When he's staying with the Buddha, he's accompanying with the Buddha.
His heart and mind is closed.
Completely closed.
When your mind and heart are closed, what is coming up?
All the negative, unhealthy posts generally come up.
What are those?
Those are not doubt, hesitations, scepticals.
Then always, "I'm not right. This is wrong. This is wrong."
You close.
What is closed?
Closely is the goodness is closed.
And badness is, in a way, opened the door.
All the suspicious doubt, that which is not going to help the individual,
is not going to help anyone.
Actually, he's standing, undermining.
Mind, that will start to open to these individuals.
Gathong Lapakkara, teaching said, Lapakkara.
He was ordained, Lapakkara.
Extremely he's ordained.
As they move, ordained.
But in working, he's dark, closed.
So what does he say?
The Buddha said, "I don't see any one good college of them."
And the Buddha gave the teachings, he said,
"I know those, I know those, those, so I don't see anything."
What he has extra, is he has little glowing light.
But what that means, what that's better, big deals.
That glowing light, the sun is shining.
I know all that what he's talking, talking.
I'm actually better than him.
I'm not going to stay with him, I'm going to live with you.
So he said that, he laughed.
This is the story.
When you close that, no matter how much you have opportunity,
how much abundance you have, how much richness you have,
rich health, we're not really getting benefits, full benefits of this, benefits of this.
So those, generally, who goes with together, get more expert.
I heard that story, I'm sure you may be heard,
and you can correct what I might, when I tell the stories.
This is the Urban Einstein's.
Urban Einstein's, no, Urban Einstein's.
And Urban Einstein's was invited by all the universities and everywhere,
those gurus and all that they wanted.
And he gave always lectures, lectures.
And then he has one chauffeur I heard, one chauffeur.
So he goes, chauffeur goes everywhere.
Everywhere.
And then also he had the opportunity to attend all the lectures.
Lectures.
And so one day, I think they asked me, very good friend.
One very good friend.
So he said, you talk always the same thing.
It's the same thing, same thing.
It's nothing really, that I can talk.
Can I talk what you're going to give today?
I can give that lecture to you, for instance.
Yes.
Okay, you do that.
So now, the chauffeur went with the lecture,
and Einstein said, I see the audience.
So then, the chauffeur gave excellent talks.
Excellent talks.
And then the question and answer came.
So now, question and answer, I think, because when it comes,
the question and answer times, then I think somebody asked,
something very sophisticated on questions.
And now, he can answer.
So he said what he said, oh, that's so easy.
Even my chauffeur can answer.
[LAUGHTER]
So that's what I do.
So in this case, he said, look at me.
And he thought, I know those things.
What was I talking?
He said, I'm an expert, more expert than himself.
So this is like yelling.
[LAUGHTER]